docs/README.md, before:

# Do Not Consent

A Chrome extension that allows you to remove cookie consent dialogs automatically.

## Compatibility

- Google Chrome 61+.
- Microsoft Edge 79+.
- Opera 48+ (not tested yet).

## Installation (on Google Chrome)

1. Clone the repository to the folder that you want.
2. Go to [chrome://extensions](chrome://extensions).
3. Enable **Developer mode** by clicking the toggle switch next to **Developer Mode**.
4. Then, click the **LOAD UNPACKED** button and select the *src* cloned folder.
5. That's all, you have a development build of this extension.

## Installation (on Microsoft Edge)

1. Clone the repository to the folder that you want.
2. Go to [edge://extensions](edge://extensions).
3. Enable **Developer mode** by clicking the toggle switch next to **Developer Mode**.
4. Then, click the **LOAD UNPACKED** button and select the *src* cloned folder.
5. That's all, you have a development build of this extension.

## Contributing

Pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change.

## License

[MIT](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)

Commit message:

docs: update documentation to add firefox as supported browser

docs/README.md, after:

# Do Not Consent

An extension that allows you to remove cookie consent dialogs automatically.

## Compatibility

- Google Chrome 26+.
- Microsoft Edge 79+.
- Mozilla Firefox 48+.
- Opera 48+.

## Installation (on Google Chrome)

1. Clone this repository.
2. Go to [chrome://extensions](chrome://extensions).
3. Enable **Developer mode** by clicking the toggle switch next to **Developer Mode**.
4. Then, click the **LOAD UNPACKED** button and select the _src_ cloned folder.
5. That's all, you have a development build of this extension.

## Installation (on Mozilla Firefox)

1. Clone this repository.
2. Go to [about:debugging](about:debugging).
3. Enter **This Firefox** section.
4. Then, click the **LOAD TEMPORARY ADD-ON** button and select any file inside _src_ cloned folder.
5. That's all, you have a development build of this extension.

## Installation (on Microsoft Edge)

1. Clone this repository.
2. Go to [edge://extensions](edge://extensions).
3. Enable **Developer mode** by clicking the toggle switch next to **Developer Mode**.
4. Then, click the **LOAD UNPACKED** button and select the _src_ cloned folder.
5. That's all, you have a development build of this extension.

## Contributing

Pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change.

## License

[MIT](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)
